Add ability to report start of paragraphs in braille (#16906)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

This may allow for more fluent reading of large amounts of text.
It is disabled by default.

##### Paragraph start markers {#BrailleParagraphStartMarkers}

| . {.hideHeaderRow} |.|
|---|---|
|Options |Don't use paragraph start markers, Double space, Pillcrow|
|Default |Don't use paragraph start markers|

If "Read by paragraph" is checked, the selected start marker will be displayed to indicate the start of a paragraph.
This can be especially helpful in applications used to read large pieces of text, like structured documents or books.

> In such documents, knowing where paragraphs start maybe important to understand the structure of the content, or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such documents, knowing where paragraphs start may be useful to understand the structure of the content, or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.
```

> In such documents, knowing where paragraphs start maybe important to understand the structure of the content, or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.

Reviewer: >or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.

Is this through the text editor UX, or are you referring to add-on functionality?

Author: This is related to applications to read books, for example,Thorium Reader. We can press NVDA+enter to perform a click (activate the current object), sothat the app knows the current element of the DOM (for the current HTML document of the epub being read), and then press control+b toset a bookmark. Then pressing control+n we can open the navigation menu, use the arrow keys to select the bookmarks tab, and create an annotation pressing the edit button, adding several lines of text. If we do this in the middle of a paragraph, the bookmark isadded based on the HTML element, so it won't be very precise. The placeMarkers add-on (maintained by me) considers the number of characters from the start of the text, but bookmarks are added for each document with a different title, so in Thorium I prefer to use the reading app feature, since chapters of books areplaced in separate HTML documents, but the title is for the whole book.

This may allow for more fluent reading of large amounts of text.
It is disabled by default.

> ##### Show paragraphs start {#BrailleSettingsShowParagraphStart}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Show paragraphs start {#BrailleShowParagraphStart}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you add a table with the possible options and the default one, as done for any recently introduced feature flag option?

Author: Done.

> - If enabled and "Read by paragraph" is checked, two spaces will be displayed to indicate the start of a paragraph.

Reviewer 2: * remove leading dash
* Link the "Read by paragraph" option

```suggestion
If enabled and "[Read by paragraph](#BrailleSettingsReadByParagraph)" is checked, two spaces will be displayed to indicate the start of a paragraph.
```

Moreover, it would be worth rephrasing this paragraph with a bit more details. But I am not familiar with "Read by paragraph" option and will not be able to test on a braille display before next week, so I won't be able to make a detailed suggestion.

Maybe something like the following (to be adapted and polished):
When "Read by paragraph" option is enabled, we face [issueToBeDescribed, e.g. difficulty to identify paragraph start].
Enabling this option enable to mitigate this issue adding two spaces at the beginning of paragraphs.

This may allow for more fluent reading of large amounts of text.
It is disabled by default.

> ##### Show paragraphs start {#BrailleShowParagraphStart}

Reviewer 3: I think the plural of the word "paragraph" is not correct usage here. I'm not 100% sure of that, but reading it in English it just "doesn't sound right".

```suggestion
##### Show paragraph start {#BrailleShowParagraphStart}
```

| . {.hideHeaderRow} |.|
|---|---|
|Options |Default (Disabled), Enabled, Disabled|
|Default |Disabled|

If enabled and "Read by paragraph" is checked, two spaces will be displayed to indicate the start of a paragraph.

> This can be specially helpful in applications used to read large pieces of text like structured documents or books, where reporting paragraphs start maybe important to understand the structure of the read contents, and even to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.

Reviewer 3: English smoothing.

```suggestion
This can be especially helpful in applications used to read large pieces of text, like structured documents or books.
In such documents, knowing where paragraphs start maybe important to understand the structure of the content, or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.
```

This may allow for more fluent reading of large amounts of text.
It is disabled by default.

> ##### Paragraph start markers {#BrailleParagraphStartMarkers}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Paragraph start marker {#BrailleParagraphStartMarkers}
```

> | . {.hideHeaderRow} |.|

Reviewer: please move this table to the end of the settings group, as is the new standard described in userGuideStandards

Author: Done

|---|---|

> |Options |Don't use paragraph start markers, Double space, Pillcrow|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Options |No paragraph start marker, Double space, Pilcrow|
```

> |Default |Don't use paragraph start markers|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Default |No paragraph start marker|
```

> In such documents, knowing where paragraphs start may be useful to understand the structure of the content, or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such documents, knowing where paragraphs start may be useful to understand the structure of the content, or to set bookmarks or annotations based on paragraph position.

The options include using double space for softer paragraph breaks, or alternatively the paragraph symbol, Pilcrow (¶), for more obvious paragraph breaks.
```

| . {.hideHeaderRow} |.|
|---|---|

> |Options |No paragraph start marker, Double space, Pilcrow|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Options |No paragraph start marker, Double space (  ), Pilcrow (¶)|
```
